# RazoriNgModel

## Purpose
- Adds the Angular ng-model attribute to inputs in scaffolded forms generated by Visual Studio based on the inputs' 'name' attribute.  
- Allows the uses of @EditorFor() and similar HTML helpers without creating rediculous custom templates and data attributes. 
- Partiularly useful for the Create scaffolded form.

## Dependencies
- jQuery 
- Angular

## Demo files
The demo/ folder contains a scaffolded MVC 4 project built in Visual Studio 2012.  The following files have changes to them demonstrating Angular and RazoriNgModel.
- Views/Person/Create.cshtml
- Views/Shared/_Layout.cshtml
- Scripts/razoring-model.js
- Scripts/person-create.js

## Walkthrough
This walkthrough assumes you have already set up Angular on your page and just want to add RazoriNgModel to your app.  For more info on Angular, click [here](http://angularjs.org/).

1. Add 'razoring-model.js' to your page using [Bundling](http://www.asp.net/mvc/tutorials/mvc-4/bundling-and-minification) or script tag.
2. Add 'data-ng-model-name' to a container of the form.  The attribute value should be the name of your Model object.  In the case of the demo, we use 'person':
	<div data-ng-model-name="person">
    @using (Html.BeginForm()) {
    ...
	</div>
3. Call 'setupRazoringModel();' before initializing Angular
	// Call setup method before initializing Angular:
    setupRazoringModel();

    var razoriNgModelDemoApp = angular.module("RazoriNgModelDemo", []);
4. Load the page and verify that all the form inputs have the correct 'ng-model' attribute.  Remember, it's based of the 'name' attribute.

